Add custom vars for filters information (#494)
octobercms/docs: backend-lists.md

> **Note:** Scope dependencies with `type: group` are only supported at this stage.

<a name="custom-variables"></a>
### Available custom variables for filters

October CMS comes with some built in custom variables with each scope type.

<div class="content-list collection-method-list" markdown="1">
- [Date](#custom-variables-date)
- [Date range](#custom-variables-daterange)
- [Number](#custom-variables-number)
- [Number range](#custom-variables-numberrange)

> - [Text](#fcustom-variables-text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Text](#custom-variables-text)
```

</div>

<a name="custom-variables-date"></a>
### date

- `:filtered`
- `:after`
- `:before`

<a name="custom-variables-daterange"></a>
### daterange

- `:afterDate`
- `:after`
- `:beforeDate`
- `:before`

<a name="custom-variables-number"></a>
### number

- `:filtered`

<a name="custom-variables-numberrange"></a>
### numberrange

- `:min`
- `:max`

<a name="custom-variables-text"></a>
### text

- `:value`

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be better if the available variables to be used in the condition property were documented alongside each filter type instead of a separate section. Something like "the following values are available to be used in the condition property for this filter type"

Author: Done

<a name="filter-date"></a>
### Date

> `date` - displays a date picker for a single date to be selected. The conditions parameters are passed as `:before`, `:after` or `:filtered`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`date` - displays a date picker for a single date to be selected. The values available to be used in the conditions property are:

- `:filtered`: The selected date formatted as `Y-m-d`
- `:before`: The selected date formatted as `Y-m-d 00:00:00`, converted from the backend timezone to the app timezone
- `:after`: The selected date formatted as `Y-m-d 23:59:59`, converted from the backend timezone to the app timezone
```

<a name="filter-daterange"></a>
### Date Range

> `daterange` - displays a date picker for two dates to be selected as a date range. The conditions parameters are passed as `:before`, `:beforeDate`, `:after` or `:afterDate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`daterange` - displays a date picker for two dates to be selected as a date range. The values available to be used in the conditions property are:

 - `:before`: The selected "before" date formatted as `Y-m-d H:i:s`
 - `:beforeDate`: The selected "before" date formatted as `Y-m-d`
 - `:after`: The selected "after" date formatted as `Y-m-d H:i:s`
 - `:afterDate`: The selected "after" date formatted as `Y-m-d`
```

<a name="filter-number"></a>
### Number

> `number` - displays input for a single number to be entered. The conditions parameter is passed as `:filtered`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`number` - displays input for a single number to be entered. The value is available to be used in the conditions property as `:filtered`.
```

<a name="filter-numberrange"></a>
### Number Range

> `numberrange` - displays inputs for two numbers to be entered as a number range. The conditions parameters are passed as `:min` and `:max`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`numberrange` - displays inputs for two numbers to be entered as a number range. The values available to be used in the conditions property are:

- `:min`: The minimum value, defaults to -2147483647
- `:max`: The maximum value, defaults to 2147483647
```
